# UPBARS
Now huge numbers of smart phone applications are part of our daily life. Since there are several applications with different features, users often experience difficulty in selecting the best mobile application for their exact purpose. It is also observed that and these applications may not be useful for particular user needs. Identifying an exact application for the user needs from a large catalogue is pretty hard. Hence a good recommendation system plays a key factor in selecting these applications. It is also a fact that for a user it is time consuming and burden to read all the reviews about each search suggestion. These reviews may not be always genuine, and fraudulent reviews are very common. In the proposed user perspective based APP recommendation system (UPBARS) suggests applications based on individual interests. Here usage statis-tics of each application is considered as the measure of user likeness towards an application. In this proposed method collaborative filtering is used to identify similar users based on their likeness. Once similar users are clustered, application liked by the clustered users form a candidate for the recommendation. Each candidate is ranked using a deep neural network model based on user perspectives as input features. The feature includes privacy preferences, size, functional category, in-app interests, ad-content, ratings, and user demography. The score for each application represents the probability that a user likes the application. The experimental result shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.
